feat(coachmark): rename "sp-coachmark" to "sp-coachmark-indicator", add "sp-coachmark" (#3639)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/coachmark/README.md

        primary-cta="Next"
        secondary-cta="Previous"
    >
        <div slot="title">Coachmark with Text Only</div>
        <div slot="content">
            This is a Coachmark with nothing but text in it. Kind of lonely in
            here.
        </div>
        <sp-action-menu placement="bottom-end" quiet slot="actions">
            <sp-menu-item>Skip tour</sp-menu-item>
            <sp-menu-item>Restart tour</sp-menu-item>
        </sp-action-menu>
    </sp-coachmark-popover>
    <sp-coach-indicator slot="trigger"></sp-coach-indicator>
</sp-coachmark>
```

### single

The primary action should be brief and consistent. Use "OK" for a single coach mark. This Coachmark is not in a tour. So steps and actions buttons will not be there.

```html
<sp-coachmark placement="right" open>
    <sp-coachmark-popover open primary-cta="Ok">
        <div slot="title">A single coachmark</div>
        <div slot="content">
            This is a Coachmark with nothing but text in it. Kind of lonely in
            here.
        </div>
    </sp-coachmark-popover>
    <sp-coach-indicator slot="trigger"></sp-coach-indicator>
</sp-coachmark>
```

### trigger open coachmark on click

> The primary action should be brief and consistent. Use "OK" for a single coach mark. This Coachmark is not in a tour. So steps and actions buttons will not be there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary CTA's text should be brief and consistent. 
```

> ```html
> <sp-coachmark placement="right" triggerInteraction="click">
>     <sp-coachmark-popover primary-cta="Ok">
>         <div slot="title">A single coachmark</div>
>         <div slot="content">
>             This is a Coachmark with nothing but text in it. Kind of lonely in
>             here.
>         </div>
>     </sp-coachmark-popover>
>     <sp-coach-indicator slot="trigger"></sp-coach-indicator>
> </sp-coachmark>
> ```
> 
> ### User Action Dependent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Coach marks in a tour can be dependent on a user taking an action. When coach marks are action dependent, the “next step” button should be removed since the next step will be triggered by an action. This ensures that a user can learn by taking an action, rather than just reading about it. Unless the tour is skipped, restarted, or moved back to the previous step, this will persist until the user takes a corresponding action. For example, if a coach mark is educating a user about a shared library, it will persist until the user opens the Library panel.

Reviewer: I think we can combine this with hte previous section.

This text is true of the design spec, sure, but is this true of the code you have written? If not, I wouldn't include it in the spec. Another thing to consider is that as an open-source project, we don't always want to dictate how all our users should use our components. Our documentation should instead be about the usage of how this component works. For example, I know that these primary and secondary CTA buttons dispatch an event. Could you talk about that here instead?

```html
<sp-coachmark placement="right" open>
    <sp-coachmark-popover
        open
        currentstep="2"
        totalsteps="8"
        primary-cta="Asset added"
        secondary-cta="Previous"
    >
        <div slot="title">Coachmark with user action</div>
        <div slot="content">
            This is a Coachmark with nothing but text in it. Kind of lonely in
            here.
        </div>
        <sp-action-menu placement="bottom-end" quiet slot="actions">
            <sp-menu-item>Skip tour</sp-menu-item>
            <sp-menu-item>Restart tour</sp-menu-item>
        </sp-action-menu>
    </sp-coachmark-popover>
    <sp-coach-indicator slot="trigger"></sp-coach-indicator>
</sp-coachmark>
```

### with Media

> Coach marks can contain images or videos that relate to their content, such as demonstrations of gestures, the feature being used, or illustrations.

Reviewer: Can you include information about how the user would go about including media beyond what you've included in the example? Are there other ways to include media? What kinds of media are allowed?

```html
<sp-coachmark placement="right" open>
    <sp-coachmark-popover
        currentstep="2"
        totalsteps="8"
        open
        primary-cta="Next"
        secondary-cta="Previous"
        src="https://picsum.photos/id/237/200/300"
        media-type="image"
    >
        <div slot="title">Coachmark with 16:9 image</div>
        <div slot="content">This is a Coachmark with some description</div>
        <sp-action-menu placement="bottom-end" quiet slot="actions">
            <sp-menu-item>Skip tour</sp-menu-item>
            <sp-menu-item>Restart tour</sp-menu-item>
        </sp-action-menu>
    </sp-coachmark-popover>
    <sp-coach-indicator slot="trigger"></sp-coach-indicator>
</sp-coachmark>
```

### with Keyboard Shortcut

> A coach marks can contain a keyboard shortcut that relates to its content, such as a tool or action that can be used. When the more action buttons is present, the keyboard shortcut is placed under the title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A coach marks can contain a keyboard shortcut that relates to its content, such as a tool or action that can be used. 
```

Could you include information about the difference between the keyboard shortcut and modifier keys in the API?

```
import '@spectrum-web-components/coachmark/sp-coachmark.js';

```

When looking to leverage the `Coachmark` base classe as a type and/or for extension purposes, do so via:

```
import { Coachmark } from '@spectrum-web-components/coachmark';
```

## Example

## Default

Coachmark can take a `placement`, an `offset`, and a
`triggerInteraction`, similar to the [Overlay](https://opensource.adobe.com/spectrum-web-components/components/overlay/).

```html
<sp-coachmark
    open
    currentstep="2"

>     totalsteps="8"

Author: Yea! make sense

    <sp-action-menu placement="bottom-end" quiet slot="actions">
        <sp-menu-item>Skip tour</sp-menu-item>
        <sp-menu-item>Restart tour</sp-menu-item>
    </sp-action-menu>
</sp-coachmark>
```

## User Action Dependent

User action-dependent coachmarks are designed to guide users based on their interactions within your application. In such cases, there is no "Next Step" button, as the coachmark progresses when the user takes a specific action. This allows users to learn by doing, rather than simply reading instructions. The coachmark remains until the user performs the required action or takes an alternative route in the tour, such as skipping, restarting, or moving back to a previous step.

Inside the `<sp-coachmark>`, add the content and instructions for the coachmark in the `<sp-coachmark>`. You can also define primary and secondary CTA buttons for user interaction.

Event Handling:
The primary and secondary CTA buttons within the coachmark popover can be configured to dispatch events when clicked.

```html
<sp-coachmark
    open
    currentstep="2"
    totalsteps="8"
    primary-cta="Asset added"
    secondary-cta="Previous"
    @primary="${this.handleConfirm}"

>     @secondary="${this.handleCancel}"

Author: Okay! Updated using arrow functions to create an anonymous function that then calls the `handleConfirm` or `handleCancel` methods.

    </div>
    <sp-action-menu placement="bottom-end" quiet slot="actions">
        <sp-menu-item>Skip tour</sp-menu-item>
        <sp-menu-item>Restart tour</sp-menu-item>
    </sp-action-menu>
</sp-coachmark>
```

## User Action Dependent

User action-dependent coachmarks are designed to guide users based on their interactions within your application. In such cases, there is no "Next Step" button, as the coachmark progresses when the user takes a specific action. This allows users to learn by doing, rather than simply reading instructions. The coachmark remains until the user performs the required action or takes an alternative route in the tour, such as skipping, restarting, or moving back to a previous step.

Inside the `<sp-coachmark>`, add the content and instructions for the coachmark in the `<sp-coachmark>`. You can also define primary and secondary CTA buttons for user interaction.

**Event Handling:**

The primary and secondary CTA buttons within the coachmark popover can be configured to dispatch events when clicked.

```html
<sp-coachmark
    open
    current-step="2"
    total-steps="8"
    primary-cta="Asset added"
    secondary-cta="Previous"

>     @primary="${() => this.handleConfirm()}"

Author: Adding 
```
<script type="module">
    const initCoachMark = () => {
        const coachmark = document.querySelector('#coachmark-action');
        coachmark.addEventListener('primary', (event) => this.handleConfirm(event));
        coachmark.addEventListener('secondary', (event) => this.handleCancel(event));
    };
    customElements.whenDefined('sp-coachmark').then(() => {
                initCoachMark();
    });
</script>
```

import { Coachmark } from '@spectrum-web-components/coachmark';
```

## Example

### Default

```html
<sp-coachmark
    currentstep="2"
    totalsteps="8"
    open
    primary-cta="Next"
    secondary-cta="Previous"
>
    <div slot="title">A thing is about to happen</div>
    <div slot="content">
        This is a Rich Tooltip with nothing but text in it. Kind of lonely in
        here.
    </div>
</sp-coachmark>
```

### with Media

```html
<sp-coachmark
    currentstep="2"
    totalsteps="8"
    open
    primary-cta="Next"
    secondary-cta="Previous"
>
    <div slot="title">Tooltip with 16:9 image</div>
    <div slot="content">

>         This is a Rich Tooltip with nothing but text in it. Kind of lonely in

Author: Oh damn! I copied the README from Rich Tooltip from UEC
